CVCs, CDs, and CCs (#108)
makerdao/endgame-docs: maker-core/constitutional-conservers.md

# Constitutional Conservers

## Overview

> Constitutional Conservers (CC) are the guardians of the [Maker Constitution](https://mips.makerdao.com/mips/details/MIP101). They must preserve the Constitution and fight against any threats to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Constitutional Conserver (CC) is a guardian of the [Maker Constitution](https://mips.makerdao.com/mips/details/MIP101). They must preserve the Constitution and fight against any threats to it.
```

> CC may never change the Constitution or governance dynamics, unless they do it within the Constitution processes and frameworks. Only during Pregame, CVC Members are allowed and encouraged to help refine the Maker Constitution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CCs may never change the Constitution or governance dynamics, unless they do it within the Constitution processes and frameworks. Only during Pregame, CCs who are CVC Members are allowed and encouraged to help refine the Maker Constitution.
```

> There are many types of CCs. The Arbitration Scope gives recognition to each type of CC. CC may not assume multiple CC types simultaneously or any other ecosystem role. During Pregame, CC can be a [CVC](link to CVC page) Member or a [Constitutional Delegate](link to CD page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many types of CCs. The Arbitration Scope gives recognition to each type of CC. CC may not assume multiple CC types simultaneously or any other ecosystem role. During Pregame, CC can be a [CVC](cvc.md) Member or a [Constitutional Delegate](delegates.md).
```

Reviewer: Move this above previous paragraph.
